[Term Entry] SwiftUI Views: Button (#1102)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/views/terms/button/button.md

---
Title: 'Button'

> Description: 'A very basic component in the UI, which is used to interact and perform certain actions'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Used to perform certain actions.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Sotfware Development'
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Buttons'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swiftui'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> A **button** is a basic component in the [UI](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux), which the user interacts with to perform a certain action, such as logging into a site, or deleting a file etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **button** is a basic component in the [UI](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux), which the user interacts with to perform a certain action, such as logging into a site, or deleting a file.
```

> A **button** is a very basic component in the UI, which is used to interact and perform certain actions, such as logging into a page, or deleting a file etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **button** is a basic component in the [UI](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux), which the user interacts with to perform a certain action, such as logging into a site, or deleting a file etc.
```

## Syntax

> ```swift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

> Button("Text inside the button"){

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Button("Text inside the button") {
```

Reviewer: Does it have to be text? Can it be an image

Author: Yes, it can. I'll rephrase this one.

Author: Rephrased it.

>   //What happens when you click the button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // What happens when you click the button
```

}
```

> The `"Label of button"` is what is shown on the button.

Reviewer: Same question here! Can we include a line about the possibilities of what can appear on the button. So far, we know that text can appear. Look to the apple docs if you need some insight: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/button

Author: Added about this one.
please check

> The `Text inside the button` is what is shown inside the button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `"Text inside the button"` is what is shown on the button.
```

## Example

> To make a button which will `count` the number of times we `click` it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a button which will count the number of times we click it:
```

we aren't referring to the code block yet so may not need these wrapped in backticks

Author: Okk

> To make a button which will count the number of times we click it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example increases the `count` each time the `Button` is used:
```

```swift
@State var count = 0
var body: some View {
  Button("Click me: \(count)") {
     self.count += 1
  }
 .font(.title)
 .padding()
 .backgroundColor(Color.green)
 .cornerRadius(40)
 .foregroundColor(Color.black)
 .overlay(RoundedRectangle(cornerRadius: 40).stroke(Color.green))
```

> The above snippet, creates a button with `Click Me` text. When you will click on it, the number next to the text will increase with the number of clicks.

Reviewer: I forgot to include that we shy away from using "you" in Docs.

```suggestion
The above snippet creates a button that displays `"Click Me"`. When the user clicks on it, the number next to the text will increase with the number of clicks.
```

> The above snippet, creates a button with `Click Me` text. When you will click on it, the number next to the text will increase with the number of clicks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The above snippet, creates a button with `Click Me` text. When you will click on it, the number next to the text will increase with the number of clicks.
```

> The above snippet creates a button that displays `"Click Me"`. When the user clicks on it, the number next to the text will increase with the number of clicks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each time the user selects the `Button`, the number next to the text `"Click Me"` will increase `self.count` by 1.
```

This will display the following:

> ![Button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/girijakar/docs/main/media/button.png)

Reviewer: Can we link out to Codecademy/docs rather than your forked repo?

Author: Yes, I thought the same thing. But for that, I've to upload the file in the Codeacademy/docs.
How can I do that?

Reviewer 2: @girijakar `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/button.png`

Author: @Dusch4593 Thank you ☺

---
Title: 'Button'

> Description: 'A very basic component in UI, which is used to interact and perform certain actions'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Description: 'A very basic component in UI, which is used to interact and perform certain actions'
```
```suggestion
Description: 'A very basic component in the UI, which is used to interact and perform certain actions'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Sotfware Development'
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'

>   - 'Buttons'

Reviewer 3: "Buttons" is not listed in the Tags document. This should either be removed, or you should add "Buttons" to https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md

Author: I have added buttons tag in the tags.md

  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swiftui'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> A very basic component in UI, which is used to interact and perform certain actions, such as logging into a page, or deleting a file etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A **button** is a very basic component in the UI, which is used to interact and perform certain actions, such as logging into a page, or deleting a file etc.
```

## Syntax

```swift
Button("Text inside the button"){
  //What happens when you click the button
}
```

The `Text inside the button` is what is shown inside the button.

## Example

To make a `'delete'` button:

```swift
    Button("Delete") {
     //Deletes a file
}
 .font(.title)
 .padding()
 .backgroundColor(Color.red)
 .cornerRadius(40)
 .foregroundColor(Color.white)
 .overlay(RoundedRectangle(cornerRadius: 40).stroke(Color.red))
```

## Codebyte Example
To `count` the number of times we `click` the button:

> ```codebyte/swiftui

Reviewer 3: Codebytes do not support SwiftUI at this time. (The list of supported languages is listed in [this document.](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/content-standards.md))

I'd suggest using this as the main example, with an extra sentence describing what it does.

Reviewer 3: @girijakar you still need to address this. There's no "codebyte/swiftui" avalible. This needs to be changed to a regular example. As I suggest before, I would replace the prior example with this one. You cannot have a swiftui codebyte example.

Author: Ohk,sorry for that. Just clarifying, I need to keep the example code in single quote right?
